docs: add more info to config docs (#1269)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/guide/cli.md

| `--environment <env>` | Runner environment (default: `node`) |
| `--passWithNoTests` | Pass when no tests found |
| `--allowOnly` | Allow tests and suites that are marked as `only` (default: false in CI, true otherwise) |
| `--changed [since]` | Run tests that are affected by the changed files (default: false). See [docs](#changed)
| `-h, --help` | Display available CLI options |

### changed

- **Type**: `boolean | string`
- **Default**: false

> Run tests only against changed files. If no value is provided, it will run tests against uncomitted changes (includes staged and unstaged).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run tests only against changed files. If no value is provided, it will run tests against uncommitted changes (including staged and unstaged).
```

> To run tests against changes made in last commit, you can use `--changed HEAD~1`. You can also pass commit hash or branch name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run tests against changes made in the last commit, you can use `--changed HEAD~1`. You can also pass commit hash or branch name.
```
